Major overhaul of contribution issue templates to reflect new processes & governance (#2)
TheJuanAndOnly99/community: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/Software-Project-Contribution.md

## Understading the contribution Process

Completing an onboarding of a project into FINOS comprises following 5 main steps described in details in our [Community Repository](https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/Software-Projects/contribution#contribution-of-an-existing-code-base-into-finos-as-a-new-project). 

 - [ ] I confirm I have reviewed the contribution process.

## Understanding FINOS

As a project onboarding into FINOS, you should familiarize yourself and your contributor team with the following FINOS information: [FINOS overview](https://www.finos.org/hubfs/An%20Introduction%20to%20FINOS.pdf), [FINOS Software Projects Governance](/docs/governance/#open-source-software-projects), [FINOS Project Lifecycle](/docs/governance/Software-Projects/project-lifecycle), [FINOS Maintainers cheatsheet](https://community.finos.org/docs/finos-maintainers-cheatsheet/).

- [ ] I confirm I am familiar with the FINOS governance and maintainers responsibilities

---
# Contribution information

## Describing The Contribution

> This section contains information to be provided by the contributor to give it the best chances to be approved. They largely mirror the requirements described in the [incubation checklist](/docs/governance/software-projects/stages/incubating/#incubating-lifecycle-checklist). Please fill below as appropriate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains information to be provided by the contributor to give it the best chances to be approved. They largely mirror the requirements described in the [incubation requirements documentation](/docs/governance/lifecycle-stages/incubating#requirements). Please fill below as appropriate:
```

> This section contains information to be provided by the contributor to give it the best chances to be approve stage. They largely mirror the requirements described in the [incubation checklist](/docs/governance/software-projects/stages/incubating/#incubating-lifecycle-checklist). Please fill below as appropriate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains information to be provided by the contributor to give it the best chances to be approved. They largely mirror the requirements described in the [incubation checklist](/docs/governance/software-projects/stages/incubating/#incubating-lifecycle-checklist). Please fill below as appropriate:
```

### Proposed Project Metadata
- Name: `enter here proposed project name`
- Slug: `enter here proposed project description`

> > Please review the [trademark checks](docs/governance/Software-Projects/contribution#trademark) that will be performed on the projects.

Reviewer: Is this a todo? I can't find a trademark header.

Author: https://community.finos.org/docs/governance/Software-Projects/contribution#trademark ? 

I think it might be missing a / - I fixed it upstream. Please double check @TheJuanAndOnly99 and resolve

### Business Problem
> Describe the business or technical problem the contribution solves and for whom
 
### Proposed Solution
> Describe how this software project solves that business problem

### Tentative Roadmap
> Describe the short and medium term goals and phases of the project. What does success look like for this project?
 
### Current State
> Summarize the history and current state of the project
 
### Identify existing project resources and materials
 - [ ] Does the project have a public Source Repository?
   - If so, what's the URL for the repository: `replace if it exists or add N/A`

>    - [ ] If code is private, was @finos-admin already given read-only permissions to the repo or a code provided to the team?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - [ ] If code is private, was @finos-admin already given read-only permissions to the repo or has code been provided to the team?
```

 - [ ] Is Continuous Integration used?
   - If so, which CI/CD system is used: `enter here`
 - [ ] Was the project ever had public releases? 
   - If so, where's the latest released version: `add link here`
 - [ ] Does the project build work successfully?
   - If so, please add link to build instructions: `add link to build instructions`
 - [ ] Does the project have existing documentation?
   - If so, provide more information: `add site URL / PDF / etc here`

>  - [ ] Does the project have a registered trademark or the name has been prevously used in the public domain?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ ] Does the project have a registered trademark or has the name previously been used in the public domain?
```

### Target Contributors
*Describe the contributor profile (background, position, etc) and if applicable organizational profile (financial institutions, tech vendors, consulting firms, etc) you would like to get contributions from*

## Preferred project infrastructure
If the project is approved, FINOS will provision the infrastructure necessary for [development, release and project collaboration](https://community.finos.org/docs/collaboration-infrastructure). Below a list of questions which will help us accelerate the onboarding process and tailor it to the maintainers needs:

> - Which code hosting platform does the project prefer? *[Github](https://github.com/finos/)|[GitLab](https://gitlab.com/finos)* 

Reviewer: We currently do not have an SOP for GitLab onboarding beyond a Legend Data model project. I would suggest we add it as an option but still encourage GitHub as the main solution.

> - Please check below which asynchronous collaboration channels will the project like to use?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please check below which asynchronous collaboration channels the project would like to use:
```

  - [ ] GitHub Issues
  - [ ] GitHub Public Discussions

>   - [ ] GitHub Team Discussions _(consisting of the above described contributors)_

Reviewer: GitHub Team Discussions has been deprecated (https://github.blog/changelog/2023-02-08-sunset-notice-team-discussions/) we should remove this section.
```suggestion

```

    - Public (Mandatory) _(consisting of the above described contributors)_
    - [ ] Private (Optional)
  - [ ] Mailing-list (lists.finos.org)

>     - General (Mandatory, for project community): `add preferred address, XXXX-general@lists.finos.org`

Reviewer: I would suggest not making Mailing Lists and Slack Channels mandatory. We want to focus activity as much as possible on GitHub and use mailing lists and slack as additions when needed. We also don't want to build potential dead channels that we will need to monitor in case of activity and close in case of inactivity.
